EnhancedCalculator/README.md, before:

<<<<<<< HEAD
## Sample Data & Test Cases

| No. | Operation | Input | Expected Output |
|-----|-----------|-------|----------------|
| 1   | Addition | 7 + 5 | 12 |
| 2   | Subtraction | 15 - 4 | 11 |
| 3   | Multiplication | 6 * 7 | 42 |
| 4   | Division | 20 / 5 | 4 |
| 5   | Division by Zero | 10 / 0 | Error message |
| 6   | Square Root | 36 | 6 |
| 7   | Square Root | 49 | 7 |
| 8   | Power | 2 ^ 5 | 32 |
| 9   | Power | 3 ^ 3 | 27 |
| 10  | Celsius → Fahrenheit | 25 °C | 77 °F |
| 11  | Celsius → Fahrenheit | 0 °C | 32 °F |
| 12  | Fahrenheit → Celsius | 98.6 °F | 37 °C |
| 13  | Fahrenheit → Celsius | 32 °F | 0 °C |
| 14  | INR → USD | 8300 INR | 100 USD (approx.) |
| 15  | INR → USD | 166 INR | 2 USD (approx.) |
| 16  | USD → INR | 5 USD | 415 INR (approx.) |
| 17  | USD → INR | 1 USD | 83 INR (approx.) |
| 18  | Addition | 0 + 0 | 0 |
| 19  | Multiplication | 0 * 10 | 0 |
| 20  | Subtraction | 50 - 50 | 0 |
=======
# Shadowfox
Repository for Shadowfox programs
>>>>>>> 158fe3927d2946341ac0911230dd2fc94e5900b2

Commit message:

Revise README for Enhanced Calculator project

EnhancedCalculator/README.md, after:

# Enhanced Calculator

This is a simple yet improved console-based calculator built using Java.  
It performs basic arithmetic operations, scientific calculations, and even some quick unit conversions.  
The goal of this project was to strengthen understanding of Java basics like methods, user input, and control flow.

##  Features
- Basic Arithmetic: Addition, Subtraction, Multiplication, and Division  
- Scientific Functions: Square Root and Exponentiation  
- Unit Conversions: Temperature (Celsius ↔ Fahrenheit) and Currency (INR ↔ USD)


##  How to Run
1. Make sure you have Java installed on your system.  
2. Open your terminal or command prompt inside the project folder.  
3. Compile the program:
   ```bash
   javac EnhancedCalculator.java
4. Run the program:
   java EnhancedCalculator



## Sample Data & Test Cases

| No. | Operation | Input | Expected Output |
|-----|-----------|-------|----------------|
| 1   | Addition | 7 + 5 | 12 |
| 2   | Subtraction | 15 - 4 | 11 |
| 3   | Multiplication | 6 * 7 | 42 |
| 4   | Division | 20 / 5 | 4 |
| 5   | Division by Zero | 10 / 0 | Error message |
| 6   | Square Root | 36 | 6 |
| 7   | Square Root | 49 | 7 |
| 8   | Power | 2 ^ 5 | 32 |
| 9   | Power | 3 ^ 3 | 27 |
| 10  | Celsius → Fahrenheit | 25 °C | 77 °F |
| 11  | Celsius → Fahrenheit | 0 °C | 32 °F |
| 12  | Fahrenheit → Celsius | 98.6 °F | 37 °C |
| 13  | Fahrenheit → Celsius | 32 °F | 0 °C |
| 14  | INR → USD | 8300 INR | 100 USD (approx.) |
| 15  | INR → USD | 166 INR | 2 USD (approx.) |
| 16  | USD → INR | 5 USD | 415 INR (approx.) |
| 17  | USD → INR | 1 USD | 83 INR (approx.) |
| 18  | Addition | 0 + 0 | 0 |
| 19  | Multiplication | 0 * 10 | 0 |
| 20  | Subtraction | 50 - 50 | 0 |


This project was developed as part of the ShadowFox learning tasks to demonstrate practical Java skills.
